feat: add administration and installation docs (#259)
go-vela/docs: content/administration/server/reference/secret.md

---
title: "Secret"
linkTitle: "Secret"
description: >
  This section contains information on the secret component for the Vela server.
---

> This component is optional and is responsible for integrating with a secret system based off the configuration provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is optional and is responsible for integrating with an external secret system based off the configuration provided.
```

Author: this should be addressed 👍
